[THEME MUSIC]
>> JAY WEIDNER: Hey, everybody.
I'm Jay Weidner.
Welcome to another edition
of "Cosmic Disclosure."
We're back with Jason
Rice, our intrepid member
of the Secret Space Program.
Hey, Jason.
How you doing?
>> JASON RICE: I'm
doing great, Jay.
Thank you for having me again.
>> JAY: Yeah, it's
great to have you back.
Tell us about some of the
unusual medical devices
that you witnessed
when you were serving
with IDARF, which is the
Interplanetary Defense
and Reaction Force.
>> RICE: Oh, sure thing, Jay.
The first thing that
I came in contact
with related to
medical technology
was the active scanner that
we had to pass through just
to get into the medical wing at
the FIG base, Fort Indiantown
Gap, our first
training location.
Apparently, what had happened
before my arrival was
that there were
certain lifeforms that
were trying to gain access
into the medical wing, which
is a highly controlled area
in which they did not want
the nanite technology that
was there to either be hacked,
or have a virus
introduced into it.
And one of the
instances that really
brought this issue
to their attention
was that they had someone that--
unknownst to them-- had carried
something into the medical wing
and caused all kinds
of problems and issues
with all of the existing
nanite treatments
that they had there at the time.
And as a concern for ensuring
that they didn't repeat
those kinds of
infections, they set up
a very tightly-controlled
security checkpoint
at the entrance into
the medical wing.
And this secured checkpoint
included a locked room
that every person coming in
and out has to be scanned.
It uses a scalar
scanning technology
which allows for observance
in an active manner of what's
going on within the body.
But it also allows
them to view and see
some of the different
energetic fields
that are produced by the body.
So that was one of
the carriers that they
were able to penetrate
the lab originally,
was through an
energetic carrier.
>> JAY: An alien group was
trying to get into this lab?
Is that what you said?
>> RICE: It was an alien
intelligence that was trying
to gain access to
the nanites, and did.
And they ended up
losing a bunch.
>> JAY: To what end was the--
>> RICE: Controlling it.
>> JAY: What was the goal?
>> RICE: The goal
was to hijack it.
>> JAY: Hijack it.
>> RICE: So anybody that had
been, or would have been,
received the treatment
of those tainted nanites,
would have been susceptible to
outside or remote activation
or control, or basically a
Manchurian candidate in which
they were able to gain access
to areas that they wouldn't have
had access to.
>> JAY: Wouldn't
it be easier, then,
to wait till you were outside
the room and then hack you
electronically?
Accurate nanites?
>> RICE: There are certain
safety protocols in place once
the nanites are embedded.
And keep in mind
that the process
of the nanite enhancement
therapies taking root
is about a 24-hour process.
And so the reason
for that is that it
has to gain entry into the
far reaches of every nook
and cranny in your body.
And so sometimes, that
takes 8 to 12 hours
for it to work its way
into those remote tissues.
Now, once it's in place
in the human body,
the soldier that it is a part
of has certain safeguards.
And there are also
certain command safeguards
that are available to prevent
them from being hacked.
>> JAY: And so this alien group
was trying to get into the room
to technically change
the nanites itself?
>> RICE: Technically, to infect
the nanites with their own
energetic signature so that they
could then remotely, at will,
control certain aspects, or
be able to control the host,
the individual.
>> JAY: And I take it this
alien group was not successful?
>> RICE: They were
not successful.
They did end up infecting
all of the stores
of nanite enhancement therapies
that were there at the time.
And part of the
monitoring process
that's 24/7 at the
facility is to look out
for certain signatures.
And so once they determined
that that signature was present,
they were alerted to
what was happening,
even though they didn't
know the full extent of what
was going on.
>> JAY: This scanning device,
did it see your organs,
and your blood flow, and--
>> RICE: Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's an
amazing technology.
The guy that's running
the security booth
is a specialist, a soldier that
is not a medical technician.
But the ability to
use that technology
to see the actual blood flow,
to watch the heart beating,
to see the things going
through your digestive system.
And you can adjust and tune
it in to varying depths,
or various focal
points in the body,
to even be able to see
synaptic firings in the brain.
>> JAY: Wow.
>> RICE: So when I came
out the other side,
after passing through that scan,
I came up to the window to get
my orders and the things
that I had carried with me.
And I happened to
notice, it's not
like a regular monitor screen.
It's an entire wall.
And so I looked on the wall
and saw that they still
had my image up.
And I could see everything
from head to toe.
Apparently, the other
reason for the locked room
was so that they could now
have anybody that was carrying
an unauthorized
carrier, or infection,
is now locked in a room.
This particular
security room also
had hidden gun ports that were
accessible from the control
room side.
So you couldn't see where they
were, but once they're fired,
the wall disappears, and the
person inside, if they're not
subdued, it takes care of hiding
it so that you don't see where
they're coming from, because
those that have been infected
and that go psychotic, the
best place for somebody
like that is in a locked room.
And so that's what
that provides.
>> JAY: So through the scan,
they might discover tainted
nanites.
>> RICE: Correct.
>> JAY: I got it.
>> JAY: And how
long ago was this,
that you saw this technology?
>> RICE: This was in 1997.
They're portable to an
extent that they also
have handheld scanners that
are able to do the same thing.
So you could walk up to somebody
with a handheld scanner,
and look into--
>> JAY: Like Bones
in "Star Trek."
>> RICE: Like Bones
in "Star Trek," yeah.
You see the-- whether
there's a break,
if it's a hairline, whether
it's a fracture at this point.
>> JAY: Well, that'd be very
useful in battle situations.
>> RICE: Oh, It's tremendously
useful in being able to see
and locate specifically
where the problem is.
And it's not just limited
to bones and tissue,
but organs, or shrapnel,
and where that shrapnel
ended up traversing through.
Now, there are certain metals
or certain elements that
are unreactive to the
nanites, and those
have to be removed through
more conventional, or from some
of the more advanced
surgical methods.
>> JAY: Do these nanites have
any effect on psychology,
or the human mind?
>> RICE: Well, some of the
adverse effects of the nanites
include--
part of the protocols are that
you can control adrenal, sweat,
sleep, nutrient, water, and
you can do it to such an extent
that the nanites can use
up all available nutrients,
and then you're left
with nothing but a crash.
And so knowing the
balance of how much you
can use, how much you can do,
how much your body stores.
Part of the training
was learning
to know what those
boundaries are.
The additional nanite
enhancement therapies on
not just the eyes and the
ears, but the pineal gland,
and being able to focus
energy and attention
onto certain parts.
One of the things we
had to do to learn
about our nanite
enhancement therapies
was, one of the
feedback procedures
is that certain nanites can
be switched on to vibrate.
That's the best
way to describe it.
And so what you can do is, as
part of the learning process,
to be able to identify
all the different parts
on your body that are
either sick, or injured,
or need more nutrients.
And by having a
biofeedback loop in which
nanites, for instance, in the
tip of your finger, vibrate--
for the lack of a better
way of putting it--
you can identify,
OK, that's what
the tip of my finger at
that spot feels like.
And so that has to be calibrated
through all of the body
so that you can identify, then,
the different systems that you
either need to turn on or
off, augment, accelerate.
And that includes
the pineal gland,
and being able to identify what
that feeling feels like to say,
OK, I need to concentrate
and focus, not on my kneecap,
but on the pineal gland.
It allows for a
better performance
of the specific organ,
or gland, or system
that you're looking to enhance.
Again, this is all
enhancing the existing body.
>> JAY: It must be like an
artificial intelligence program
running the nanites, then?
>> RICE: It is a certain kind.
It is not an autonomous
artificial intelligence,
because it relies on the
body, the person, the soldier
to be the artificial
intelligence, if you will,
the brain.
There are some
autonomous systems
with the nanites
that do not require
an input from the soldier,
or from the individual.
But the majority of them
are operator operated.
>> JAY: It's also interesting
that this is taking place here
on Earth, you're saying.
All of the--
>> RICE: Yes.
And the other thing
that I realized
is that having a biofeedback,
and being able to concentrate,
and the discipline
and focus in doing
that, we don't
really need nanites
to achieve that ability.
You hear of monks that
are able to sit out
amongst freezing temperatures
on the side of a mountain
overnight, and are able
to regulate their own body
temperature.
This is the same kind of thing.
You don't have to have nanite
enhancement therapies to be
able to do this.
It's a shortcut, and it
cuts down the amount of time
it takes to be able to
master those types of skills,
but we're all equipped
with the basic structure
to be able to do it ourselves.
>> JAY: So you're telling me
that you were able to regulate
the temperature of
your body at will?
>> RICE: With the nanite
enhancement therapy, yes.
>> JAY: So you could be in
freezing cold weather and be
OK?
>> RICE: Absolutely.
You could also redistribute
oxygen throughout your body
so that you can hold your breath
for longer periods of time.
You could cool off
your body faster
using the nanite
enhancement therapies.
You could regulate or
change sleep patterns
by altering certain
hormones in your system
so that you didn't have
a need to get to sleep.
It eventually catches up to
you if that's gone on too long.
Sleep deprivation is
certainly one of the problems
to avoid, is that the body--
>> JAY: Very prevalent
in a war-like situation.
>> RICE: Right.
Right.
>> JAY: So were there ever--
did you ever witness any kind of
cloning programs in the IDARF?
>> RICE: At the end of
our training period,
they told us that they'd
notified our families that we
were dead as a motivator to keep
us going forward and to mess
with our minds, basically.
You have no choice but
to continue on the course
that you're on.
And some of our
families received
clones that matched 100%
from head to toe so that they
would have a body to bury.
>> JAY: So you had a clone of
you always there in case you
needed it?
>> RICE: No.
Not like that.
It was more like they
had all the measurements
and the analytical
information in order
to do what they needed to do.
They had our DNA on file if
they needed to create a clone.
And so the only clones
that I was exposed to
or familiar with,
I learned about it
when I was an instructor at
the 333rd back at the FIG
at the end of my career.
>> JAY: So you're in a battle,
the nanites can help you
to a certain degree.
But if you got hit by
a large-caliber weapon,
what happens in the
field when that happens?
What's the procedure?
>> RICE: Well, the nanites also
are able to close off blood
circulation so that, if you did
have a soldier that lost his
arm, he wouldn't bleed out.
>> JAY: Well, that's good.
>> RICE: So it would shut
off the blood capillaries
to prevent loss of
any more fluids.
And it took anywhere from
10 to 30 seconds for it
to fully take effect.
And those were part of the
more autonomous features
of some of the nanites.
If you had a condition
where a soldier was
in extreme medical
distress, then the nanites--
one of the protocols is to
put the soldier into a coma
so that it would slow down
all of their processes,
and so that the chances of
them surviving increase,
so that they're no longer
freaking out over the fact
that they've lost
multiple limbs,
and there's blood everywhere.
>> JAY: And I think you
said in a previous program,
they could actually
replace your arm.
>> RICE: Yeah, yeah.
And grow it back.
Grow it back through
a advanced technology.
The process that I
went through was--
it involved a submersion
in a gel-like substance.
And it involved, essentially,
a 3D printing of--
they had everything on file.
So they knew everything down to
the last capillary on my body,
and so they were
able to recreate it.
The challenge was not in the
recreation of the lost limbs.
The challenge was in
re-learning to use those,
because even though
the pathways are still
connected to the
same old pathways,
there's still a transition
that has to take in effect.
>> JAY: You have to learn
motor control, and--
>> RICE: To learn
motor control, yeah.
>> JAY: --gets funky.
>> RICE: Yeah.
>> JAY: Yeah.
I've heard that
before, by the way.
So you're in the field.
Do people actually die then?
>> RICE: Yes.
>> JAY: Soldiers actually die?
>> RICE: Soldiers die.
>> JAY: Something which is so
traumatic that there's nothing
they can do about it?
>> RICE: Mm-hm.
For instance, after the
KEW attack on Area 26,
we had soldiers we never found.
I mean, we found pieces.
>> JAY: KEW is?
>> RICE: The kinetic
energy weapon.
>> JAY: Right.
>> RICE: The large meteor impact
on the adjacent freshwater
ocean.
There were a number of soldiers
that we found pieces of,
and there were other
soldiers that--
just never found
anything left of them.
So yeah, there are soldiers
that died during the process.
And--
>> JAY: But I guess the ultimate
goal is to make a soldier that
avoids death, of course.
>> RICE: Sure.
That avoids death, and
has the best chances
of surviving in the full
range of adverse conditions,
from cold weather,
to hot weather, to--
>> JAY: Are there medical
personnel among you when
you're out in the field?
>> RICE: There are medical
personnel among us in the form
of--
every soldier, as
part of the training,
receives a pretty
extensive medical training.
I don't remember any of the
medical training itself,
except to say that
I went through it
so that each soldier has the
ability, and an equivalent
training as a medic.
So again, part of
our mandate was
for the training
and coordination
of the local populations.
And it also meant that
we were able to help
those local populations
with medical treatments.
>> JAY: Previously, you
mentioned something called
neural interface technologies.
Could you explain what
that is in more detail?
>> RICE: Sure.
The neural interface
technologies that we used
was augmented by the nanite
enhancement therapies.
It allowed us a
direct interaction
with computer or software that
had that connection ability.
>> JAY: What is it?
What is neural interfacing?
>> RICE: It is control of
either a weapon system,
a guidance system,
flight system,
a drive through the mind
instead of a direct joystick,
or steering wheel, or
something physical.
And being able to control
the interaction interface,
the human machine
interface through the mind,
instead of having
something physical.
>> JAY: Probably, they have
this technology, I would say.
>> RICE: They do.
>> JAY: Quite useful, huh?
>> RICE: It is very useful.
The neural interface
technology was
very specific in its
guidelines on what,
how, where could be
controlled, so it wasn't what
could conventionally be
considered a mind-machine bond.
It was more of an
interface, if you will,
to be able to control
multiple things at one time.
For instance, the pilots that
were in charge of the shuttles
were able to monitor, and
either identify or target
certain things for
the targeting officer,
as well as flying the
shuttle at the same time,
as well as monitoring
and keeping
an eye on certain systems
within the shuttle,
and being able to
tell whether or not
there's crosswinds,
or the temperatures,
and making adjustments.
Having the ability to remove
the sometimes clumsy interfaces
and allowing a person to
directly neural interface
with something cuts down the
reaction time tremendously,
and it also increases and
improves the efficiency.
>> JAY: So you're saying the
pilot can just say, rear gun,
fire, and it'll happen?
>> RICE: If it's automated.
Some of the targeting systems,
he could call out or at least
highlight certain things to
the gunner so that-- hey,
pay attention over here.
I see something
happening on that side.
And then highlight it.
One of the things
that I've seen just
recently is DARPA coming
out with neural interfaces
for their soldiers,
and that they're
advertising this technology as
something that's new when it's
been around for a long time.
They're just finally
deciding to come out with it.
>> JAY: If they have this
technology, you say they do--
then, if anybody messed
with the powers that be,
couldn't they just
release soldiers
that have all this technology
right here on Earth
and take care of any
situation if they wanted?
>> RICE: The oaths that were
taken were based on upholding
and following moral,
ethical standards.
And being deployed against
a civilian population
does not fall into
that category.
>> JAY: So you never fought
against civilian populations
in IDARF?
>> RICE: We helped
to manage some riots,
but that didn't involve
military technology being used
in the application of
suppressing civilians, no.
>> JAY: But theoretically, a
group of military people here
on Earth could have these super
soldiers come against them,
right?
>> RICE: They could.
They could.
>> JAY: Do you
think that happens?
>> RICE: I don't think
it's going to happen simply
because, number one, the biggest
thing that we have going for us
is the suppression
of the technology.
Having that come out
in a big way like that
would be a large opening
into the disclosure picture.
>> JAY: Did you ever receive
any advanced technology from
extraterrestrials?
>> RICE: The extraterrestrials
that we came in contact with
IDARF were of a very specific
technological advancement.
You think somewhere around an
equivalent Earth, 1850s, just
at the cusp of
Industrial Revolution.
So the technologies-- with
a couple of exceptions--
that we came across were not
in advance of what we had.
Now, some of the things that
I came across on Planet One,
for instance, in which
the civilizations there
were using the
planetary-produced voltage
differential to create
electricity, something
similar to the Wardenclyffe
Tower like Tesla
had used, in which
they were using
the potential of the Earth,
and the difference between that
and the atmosphere, to
generate an electricity.
So having not seen
that technology
before our deployment
to Planet One, for me,
that was a new technology.
However, it had been around
since the turn of the century.
>> JAY: So they're using the
Tesla technology to generate
electricity?
>> RICE: They were.
It was a DC form that
they used for lighting
and for a few other things.
They hadn't really advanced
it beyond being able to use it
for light, or artificial light.
>> JAY: So would
they set up a tower?
A Wardenclyffe tower and
start generating it, or what
was the technology behind it?
>> RICE: They built it
into their buildings.
>> JAY: Oh, they did.
>> RICE: So their dwellings,
each of their dwellings.
If you can imagine a circular
yurt-like building, sometimes
one story, sometimes
three, with a conical roof
that had a spire on top.
Some of the spires had a
built-in airflow system into it
so that the normal
differences in temperature
and thermal variations
within a building
would cause the heat to rise
and cold air to flow in.
So they used it for cooling,
as well as the spire
on the top for part of
the electrical generation.
>> JAY: But this technology
you're talking about,
this is Tesla.
This is not ET technology.
>> RICE: No, these
were ET technologies,
the humanoid ETs that we
came across on Planet One.
>> JAY: And they had perfected
Tesla technology on their own?
>> RICE: They
hadn't perfected it.
They'd discovered it
and had been using it.
But then again, remember
that their civilizations
weren't driven by a need
to invent and improve.
Their civilizations were more
of a, find something that works,
and it's OK if it stays there.
They were--
>> JAY: Kind of a steady state.
>> RICE: Steady state.
Yeah, that's a great
way of putting it.
>> JAY: What is some of the most
amazing technology you saw when
you were there in IDARF besides
the scanners and all that?
>> RICE: Some of the really
amazing technologies that just
blew my mind, I think had to
do with some of the force field
technologies.
The spacecraft that we
came across and used.
Just the sheer size
of some of the crafts
that were used as part of
the SSP, just enormous.
>> JAY: How big?
>> RICE: Half a mile.
>> JAY: Half a mile?
>> RICE: Yeah.
>> JAY: Bill Tompkins says that
he designed ships that were
half to 1 mile wide.
So do you think these
are some of the designs
that he was talking about, or
are these more advanced, even?
>> RICE: The ones that I'm
familiar with were a arrowhead
shape as well as cigar shape.
And then you have a myriad
of other small shuttle craft
depending on the mission.
>> JAY: So arrowhead shape would
imply that you can fly through
the atmosphere, and they're
designing it for atmospheric
flying as well as outer space?
>> RICE: Yes.
The physical properties
on the outside edges
also are indicative of
being able to use it
within an atmosphere,
because they were smooth,
and were designed so as to cut
down on the amount of friction
and resistance.
>> JAY: How about underwater?
Could they go underwater?
>> RICE: Of course.
Oh yeah.
>> JAY: You can.
>> RICE: Yep.
>> JAY: And are there
underwater bases here on Earth?
>> RICE: It's my
understanding that there are.
>> JAY: How are these the
big, giant ships powered?
What's the power
source for them?
>> RICE: A lot of the power
sources that we regularly used
were a Hall-effect-type
antimatter in which
an antimatter particle or
particles were set in motion
within a containment system.
And the rotation of those around
a circle would create a field.
And then the field would then be
capable of getting transferred
into a conductor.
And then the conductor is
now producing electricity.
Now, these were the
type of power systems
that can be miniaturized
down to something
the size of a cigarette pack,
or as large as you need to.
The Con PD gun that was the
phase-destabilizing weapon
had its own power system,
because it was such a power
hog.
And that system in
itself was about the size
of a horizontal freezer.
It was a pretty big one.
>> JAY: And these aren't
nuclear powered, then,
or anything like that?
>> RICE: The ones that I
am experienced with are not
nuclear powered.
They do have them.
However, when you don't need
to mess around with something
that's that deadly,
and you can go
with something that's
deadly in a different way
and doesn't cost you as much
mass to be able to produce it.
And all of the subsystems,
and the safety systems,
and the cooling systems,
all of the other things
that you need for a
nuclear power generator,
you don't have to have
that if you're using--
say, for instance--
the antimatter.
>> JAY: They don't
use fusion, then,
fusion reactors at all in
the Secret Space Program?
>> RICE: One of the
reactors at the FIG base was
a room-temperature fusion.
And so part of the power
that was used on that base
was a pebble bed technology.
>> JAY: So they've already
achieved fusion and just
haven't told us.
>> RICE: Yeah.
Yeah.
They wanted to get through
some of the fossil fuels
on the planet.
>> JAY: Any other technologies
that you saw that are being
used today on Earth by us, have
filtered their way down to us?
>> RICE: Oh, there's a bunch.
>> JAY: Yeah, like what?
>> RICE: There's a
whole bunch of them.
The gene therapies that
you can see commonly
is a child of some
of the programs.
Another technology, each
soldier carried a med patch kit.
And what it was is a
3-inches-wide by about
10-feet-long roll of
second skin, if you will.
It's rolled around
a spray container
that is about the size of
an eyeglass cleaner sprayer
bottle.
It's not very large.
But the whole kit comes
as one, and you cut off
as much of the patch that you
need, put it to the wound,
and it sticks on it, and
then apply the spray.
And the spray component
activates the nanites
and the genetic
modifications to the patch
so that it then
covers up, closes off,
and seals burns, nicks,
punctures, bullet wounds.
And the process of
the healing, the patch
itself has a generic
DNA as part of it.
And so what it does is--
kind of like the nanite
enhancement therapies--
it's supplied originally
with a generic DNA sequence.
Once it gets onto
the soldier, it
then uses the soldier's own DNA
to replace the generic form so
that the generic form is
no longer the baseline,
and there's zero
chance of rejection.
And so once it replicates that
DNA sequence from the soldier,
it's now no different
than any other part
of the skin, or the body, or
a tissue that the soldier has.
And so these were very, very
helpful from a standpoint of,
you've got a cut, or a
scratch, or you've been shot,
and then you can seal it
up, seal it off, and go on
about your business.
This type of technology is being
applied towards the second skin
in the field of medicine
today, in which they're
using an analog derivative
of a second skin,
and which they're using for
healing, for medical purposes.
>> JAY: So this is
being used today?
>> RICE: It is starting
to come out today.
>> JAY: Beginning of it, anyway.
>> RICE: Starting to see it.
>> JAY: How about technology
that you saw that has filtered
its way into us?
>> RICE: I'd say that there
are a bunch that could be used
here.
The electrogravitic
drive technologies.
I'd sure like to
have a Buick out
in the driveway that had that.
Having access to some of the
advanced technologies as they
relate to replicators.
When you just have to store
base elements in your home,
and you don't have
to go out and buy
different products, or
materials, or components.
All you have to do is stock up
on carbon, nitrogen, oxygen,
different base
elements, and that's
all you need to
be concerned with.
And then--
>> JAY: The
replicator, of course,
is the machine that makes
food, and products--
>> RICE: Products and food.
Yeah, the next step
in human evolution
will be movement away from
a centralized manufacturing
process into a decentralized
one in which people
have the ability to manufacture
things within their own homes.
>> JAY: Sure.
We're almost there right now.
3D printers.
>> RICE: Yeah.
>> JAY: Well, Jason, it's
been great to have you,
and very interesting
information.
>> RICE: Well, thank
you for having me, Jay.
It's all about disclosure.
>> JAY: Hope you enjoyed this.
My name is Jay
Weidner and you've
been watching
"Cosmic Disclosure."
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>> There is so much hope coming
our way that we cannot give up,
because we are an amazing race.
>> RICE: They generally would
attack in groups of 25 to 50.
[THEME MUSIC]